README.md, before:

# otr Cookbook for OurTownRentals.com

[![All rights reserved](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-All_rights_reserved-red.svg?style=flat)](./LICENSE.txt)

## Description

Core infrastructure for OurTownRentals.com.

## Requirements

### Platform

- [Ubuntu](http://www.ubuntu.com/)

**Tested on:**

- Ubuntu 14.04

## Recipes

### default

Configures a minimal base system.

### deployment

Sets up the deployer user and deployers group.

Users are added to the deployers groups using the [users cookbook]
with the group name `deployers`.

This installs nodejs and a set of default npm packages.

This installs rbenv for each deployer along with
a Ruby version and a set of default gems (including Bundler).

See the [deployment attributes](./attributes/deployment.rb) for default values.

### lamp_app_server

This installs the Apache HTTP Server, MySQL client, PHP-FPM,
and the necessary modules to host a PHP application using mod_fastcgi.

This also installs the [database cookbook].

[database cookbook]: http://community.opscode.com/cookbooks/database
[users cookbook]: http://community.opscode.com/cookbooks/users

## Development and Testing

### Source Code

The [otr source](https://bitbucket.org/ourtownrentals/chef-otr)
is hosted on GitHub.
To clone the project run

````bash
$ git clone https://bitbucket.org/ourtownrentals/chef-otr.git
````

### Rake

Run `rake -T` to see all Rake tasks.

````
rake all                          # Run all tasks
rake foodcritic                   # Lint Chef cookbooks
rake kitchen:all                  # Run all test instances
rake kitchen:default-centos-65    # Run default-centos-65 test instance
rake kitchen:default-ubuntu-1404  # Run default-ubuntu-1404 test instance
rake rubocop                      # Run RuboCop
rake rubocop:auto_correct         # Auto-correct RuboCop offenses
rake spec                         # Run RSpec code examples
rake test                         # Run kitchen integration tests
rake yard                         # Generate YARD Documentation
````

### Thor

Run `thor -T` to see all Thor tasks.

### Guard

Guard tasks have been separated into the following groups:

- `doc`
- `lint`
- `unit`
- `integration`

By default, Guard will generate documentation, lint, and run unit tests.
The integration group must be selected manually with `guard -g integration`.

## Contributing

Please submit and comment on bug reports and feature requests.

To submit a patch:

1. Fork it.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3. Make changes. Write and run tests.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

Copyright © 2014 OurTownRentals.com

## Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.

Commit message:

Added note about deployment recipe to README.

README.md, after:

# otr Cookbook for OurTownRentals.com

[![All rights reserved](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-All_rights_reserved-red.svg?style=flat)](./LICENSE.txt)

## Description

Core infrastructure for OurTownRentals.com.

## Requirements

### Platform

- [Ubuntu](http://www.ubuntu.com/)

**Tested on:**

- Ubuntu 14.04

## Recipes

### default

Configures a minimal base system.

### deployment

Sets up the deployer user and deployers group.

_This recipe should generally be placed neat the end of the run list._

Users are added to the deployers groups using the [users cookbook]
with the group name `deployers`.

This installs nodejs and a set of default npm packages.

This installs rbenv for each deployer along with
a Ruby version and a set of default gems (including Bundler).

See the [deployment attributes](./attributes/deployment.rb) for default values.

### lamp_app_server

This installs the Apache HTTP Server, MySQL client, PHP-FPM,
and the necessary modules to host a PHP application using mod_fastcgi.

This also installs the [database cookbook].

[database cookbook]: http://community.opscode.com/cookbooks/database
[users cookbook]: http://community.opscode.com/cookbooks/users

## Development and Testing

### Source Code

The [otr source](https://bitbucket.org/ourtownrentals/chef-otr)
is hosted on GitHub.
To clone the project run

````bash
$ git clone https://bitbucket.org/ourtownrentals/chef-otr.git
````

### Rake

Run `rake -T` to see all Rake tasks.

````
rake all                          # Run all tasks
rake foodcritic                   # Lint Chef cookbooks
rake kitchen:all                  # Run all test instances
rake kitchen:default-centos-65    # Run default-centos-65 test instance
rake kitchen:default-ubuntu-1404  # Run default-ubuntu-1404 test instance
rake rubocop                      # Run RuboCop
rake rubocop:auto_correct         # Auto-correct RuboCop offenses
rake spec                         # Run RSpec code examples
rake test                         # Run kitchen integration tests
rake yard                         # Generate YARD Documentation
````

### Thor

Run `thor -T` to see all Thor tasks.

### Guard

Guard tasks have been separated into the following groups:

- `doc`
- `lint`
- `unit`
- `integration`

By default, Guard will generate documentation, lint, and run unit tests.
The integration group must be selected manually with `guard -g integration`.

## Contributing

Please submit and comment on bug reports and feature requests.

To submit a patch:

1. Fork it.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`).
3. Make changes. Write and run tests.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

Copyright © 2014 OurTownRentals.com

## Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.
